moved ajv code from fastify (#1)
fastify/ajv-compiler: README.md

# @fastify/ajv-compiler

[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://standardjs.com/)
![Continuous Integration](https://github.com/fastify/ajv-compiler/workflows/Continuous%20Integration/badge.svg)

> This module manage all the [`ajv`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ajv) instances for the Fastify framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module manages the [`ajv`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ajv) instances for the Fastify framework.
```

> It isolates the `ajv` dependancy to let you to choose the right schema compiler version for your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It isolates the `ajv` dependency so that the AJV version is not tightly coupled to the Fastify version.
This allows the user to decide which version of AJV to use in their Fastify based application.
```

# @fastify/ajv-compiler

[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://standardjs.com/)
![Continuous Integration](https://github.com/fastify/ajv-compiler/workflows/Continuous%20Integration/badge.svg)

This module manages the [`ajv`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ajv) instances for the Fastify framework.
It isolates the `ajv` dependency so that the AJV version is not tightly coupled to the Fastify version.
This allows the user to decide which version of AJV to use in their Fastify based application.

## Version

| `@fastify/ajv-compiler` | `ajv` | Default in `fastify` |
|------------------------:|------:|---------------------:|
|                    v1.x |  v6.x |                ^3.14 |

> ### v1.x

Reviewer 2: I don't really understand why this info should stay in the README.

This version has these default `ajv` options:

```js
{
  coerceTypes: true,
  useDefaults: true,
  removeAdditional: true,
  // Explicitly set allErrors to `false`.
  // When set to `true`, a DoS attack is possible.
  allErrors: false,
  nullable: true
}
```

To customize them, see how in the [official docs](https://www.fastify.io/docs/latest/Server/#ajv).

> ### v2.x

Reviewer 2: I would leave version information in the release notes, possibly writing down which versions we are compatible with right now.

**TBD**

## Usage

This module is already used as default by Fastify.

If you need to provide to your server instance a different version, refer to [the official doc](https://www.fastify.io/docs/latest/Server/#schemacontroller).

### How it works

> 

Reviewer 2: This needs to be filled in.

Author: Done
